# Fixes
* [wpmlcore-7908] Improved the fix of problem saving translated term when its slug is the same as the original term.
* [wpmlcore-7877] Fixed loading of rest resources when multi-site configuration with different languages is used.
* [wpmlcore-7867] Added removing of icl_string_batches and icl_translation_downloads on WPML Reset on the Troubleshooting page.
* [wpmlcore-7847] Remove use of eval in languages.js.
* [wpmlcore-7677] Fix problem with posts not appearing on static posts page when posts are set to be not translatable.
* [wpmlcore-7610] [Avada] Fix language switcher links when fallback mode is enabled.
* [wpmlcore-7590] Fix native language for Bengali.
* [wpmlcore-7473] Fixeded removing some tags from translation when editing original post using Quick Edit.
* [wpmlcore-7011] Remove WPML capabilities when a user's role is changed to a role that can no longer manage options.
* [wpmlcore-6698] Fixed displaying attachment instead of the post when it has the same slug.
* [wpmlcore-6145] Fixed invalid ID of menu item in Admin Language Switcher in Appearance > Menu.

# Compatibility
* [wpmlcore-7891] [Divi] Make the checkbox links in contact forms translatable.
* [wpmlcore-7881] Introduced the filter hook `wpml_sync_deleted_custom_fields`.
* [wpmlcore-7878] [Elementor] Fix templates not being applied by author.
* [wpmlcore-7871] Fix automatic translation of links with custom permalink like /%category%/%postname%/.
* [wpmlcore-7870] Fixed an issue with Enfold's Avia Builder when the post was initially edited with Gutenberg.
* [wpmlcore-7798] [Divi] Make sure admin_init ran before calling get_current_screen.
* [wpmlcore-7740] Fixed Language Switcher settings for Elementor themes.

# Usability
* [wpmlcore-6403] Fix redirect from page for posts when using directory for default language.